Add documentation about custom jexl binary operators AND and OR (#657)
sulu-io/sulu-docs: book/templates.rst

        </properties>
    </template>

.. note::

>     Because the ``&`` character cannot be used inside of XML files, you have to use ``AND`` instead of ``&&`` 

Reviewer: > Because the ``&`` character cannot be used inside of XML files 

this is not technical correct would write as the `&` character need to be escaped in XML files, you can use ``AND`` instead of ``&&``

Author: ```suggestion
    Because the ``&`` character needs to be escaped inside of XML files, you have to use ``AND`` instead of ``&&`` 
```

>     Because the `&` character cannot be used inside xml, you have to use `AND` instead of `&&` to
>     compare two conditions using a logical and. Additionally, you can also use `OR` instead of `||`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Because the ``&`` character cannot be used inside of XML files, you have to use ``AND`` instead of ``&&`` 
    if you want to to connect conditions using a logical and. Additionally, you can use ``OR`` instead of ``||``.
```
